Refactoring Learning Resources Page (#4994)
zowe/docs-site: docs/getting-started/zowe-resources.md

For more information about this training and earning Interskill badges, see [Zowe Fundamentals](https://interskill.com/course/zowe-foundations/) on the Interskill Learning website.   

## Connecting to the Zowe community

Zowe is a community-led project that is driven by diverse perspectives and collaboration. No matter your skill level, there are multiple ways you can contribute to the future of the platform. Use these channels to get involved with the Zowe community:

* To join the Zowe community via Slack, go to the [Open Mainframe Project Slack invitation](https://slack.openmainframeproject.org/).  
* For information about joining the various Zowe Slack channels, see the [Introduction to Zowe Slack channels](https://github.com/zowe/community/blob/master/README.md#slack) in the Zowe Community repository.  

### Joining Zowe meetings

 Join the weekly meeting of the Zowe Technical Steering Committee (TSC) to get the latest updates from each Zowe squad and get involved with these squads and their initiatives.

>  For information about how to join the Zowe TSC call, see the [Zowe meeting calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/zowe).

Reviewer: @janan07 - please update the calendar to remove the Thursday doc squad meetings and to indicate they now take place every other Friday

# Zowe learning resources

Whether you are a mainframe veteran or an open-source newcomer, these curated resources are designed to help you master Zowe’s capabilities and find your place within our growing community.

> ## Get the latest updates on Zowe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The latest updates on Zowe
```

### Blogs

- [Zowe blogs on Medium](https://medium.com/zowe)
- [Zowe blogs on Open Mainframe Project website](https://www.openmainframeproject.org/category/blog/zowe)

Would you like to contribute a blog? Find details about how to contribute to the [Zowe blogs on Medium](https://medium.com/zowe) at [Zowe Blog Guidelines](https://github.com/zowe/community/blob/master/blogging/blog_guidelines.md).  

## Training and Badges

Expand your knowledge of Zowe by following our structured educational tracks. From foundational concepts to specialized roles, these paths help you to develop the skills to utilize Zowe within your organization.

### Online Badges 
 * [Zowe Fundamentals](https://interskill.com/course/zowe-foundations/) (Interskill Learning).  
 Interskill Learning offers a free training course that introduces the components that comprise Zowe and the benefits of using Zowe and how its capabilities can be extended. 

<!--We can expand the list of roles with links to the path per role.
### Zowe Formal Learning Paths 
Commenting this portion out since it would be from specific vendors.
-->

> ## Get involved with Zowe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting involved with Zowe
```

Zowe is a community-led project that is driven by diverse perspectives and collaboration. No matter your skill level, there are multiple ways you can contribute to the future of the platform.

> ### Report an Issue 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Reporting an Issue 
```

> Quality is a collective effort; by reporting bugs or suggesting improvements to the documentation, you can help with ensuring Zowe remains a robust, enterprise-grade solution for a wide spectrum of business needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quality is a collective effort. By reporting bugs or suggesting improvements to the documentation, you can help with ensuring Zowe remains a robust, enterprise-grade solution for a wide spectrum of business needs.
```

<!--Let's add links to opening issues in other repos as well.-->

| Open an Issue | Details |
|----|---|
| [Open a Doc Issue](https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/issues/new/choose) | This encompasses all necessary improvements to Zowe Docs, from minor corrections like typos and grammar to more significant updates concerning settings, instructions, and configurations. |
| [Report Bugs](https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug_report.md&title=) | Create an issue with a few details about how to reproduce the issue and what area of Zowe the bug appears in. |

> | [Post an Enhancement Request](https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=feature_request.md&title=) | Got an idea for a feature? Or thought on how something you're already using could be improved?  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Post an Enhancement Request](https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=feature_request.md&title=) | Got an idea for a feature? Or some thoughts on how something you are already using could be improved?  |
```

| Report Security Issues | Please direct all security issues to `zowe-security@lists.openmainframeproject.org`. A member of the security team will reply to acknowledge receipt of the vulnerability and coordinate remediation with the affected project. |

> ### Connect with the Zowe community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Connecting with the Zowe community
```

Join the Zowe community on Slack to get real-time support, brainstorm with peers, and engage in current discussions across the Zowe ecosystem.

**Zowe Slack**

- [Slack invite link](https://slack.openmainframeproject.org/)  
- [Introduction to Zowe Slack channels](https://github.com/zowe/community/blob/master/README.md#slack) 

> ### Join Zowe meetings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Joining Zowe meetings
```

 Join the weekly meeting of the Zowe Technical Steering Committee (TSC) to get latest Zowe updates from each Zowe squad and get involved with these squads and their initiatives.

 For information about how to join the Zowe TSC call, see the [Zowe meeting calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/zowe).

>  ### Contribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ### Contributing
```

The Zowe Conformance Program ensures that products and extensions built for the Zowe ecosystem provide a consistent, interoperable, and high-quality user experience across different vendors. By earning a conformance badge, software providers demonstrate that their solutions meet rigorous community-defined technical criteria, giving users the confidence that these tools will integrate seamlessly within their modern mainframe environments.

For more information, see the [Zowe Conformance Program](https://www.openmainframeproject.org/projects/zowe/conformance).

> ### Learn more about the community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Learning more about the community
```

> For a deep dive into how we organize, govern, and collaborate, explore the Zowe community repository. This is the best place to understand the 'who, what, and why' behind the Zowe Open Mainframe Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a deep dive into how we organize, govern, and collaborate, explore the Zowe community repository. This is the best place to understand the "who, what, and why" behind the Zowe Open Mainframe Project.
```

Whether you are a mainframe veteran or an open-source newcomer, these curated resources are designed to help you master Zowe’s capabilities and find your place within our growing community.

## Learning about the latest Zowe updates 

Stay current with the latest features introduced to the Zowe platform, and build your technical expertise through curated content and structured training.

### Zowe Webinars

<iframe class="embed-responsive-item" id="youtubeplayer" title="Zowe videos" type="text/html" width="100%" height="365" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed?listType=playlist&list=PL8REpLGaY9QE_9d57tw3KQdwSVLKuTpUZ" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen="true" mozallowfullscreen="true" allowfullscreen="true"> </iframe>

Stay current with the latest Zowe developments through the Open Mainframe Project’s webinar series, where squads present big-picture overviews, technical updates, and new features tailored for users and developers alike. These webinars are designed to bridge the gap between the Zowe development squads and the community, providing a deep dive into the evolution of the platform. Topic areas covered in the webinars include the following presentations:

> * Quarterly roadmap and release updates

Reviewer 2: Is there a specific reason for usage of * one time and - another time in the same article?

Reviewer 3: markdown treats them both as bullets, but I'll change them for consistency sake.

* Demos and use cases

For more information about Zowe webinars, see the [Zowe Webinars](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8REpLGaY9QHtnElqPosteBFpITStkAxo) YouTube playlist by Open Mainframe Project.

Additional webinars about Zowe can be found at the [OMP Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-WTXQQtz2m5iTflJLK59aw/videos).

### Zowe Blogs

For a deeper contextual dive into a wide range of Zowe topics, including detailed component functionalities, we strongly recommend checking out the following blog landing pages: 

- [Zowe blogs on Medium](https://medium.com/zowe)
- [Zowe blogs on Open Mainframe Project website](https://www.openmainframeproject.org/category/blog/zowe)

Would you like to contribute a blog? Find details about how to contribute to the [Zowe blogs on Medium](https://medium.com/zowe) at [Zowe Blog Guidelines](https://github.com/zowe/community/blob/master/blogging/blog_guidelines.md).  

### Zowe Training and Badges

Expand your knowledge of Zowe by following our structured educational tracks. From foundational concepts to specialized roles, these paths help you to develop the skills to utilize Zowe within your organization.

> **Interskill Learning** offers a free training course that introduces the components that comprise Zowe and the benefits of using Zowe and how its capabilities can be extended. For more information about this training and earning Insterskill bandges, see [Zowe Fundamentals](https://interskill.com/course/zowe-foundations/).   

Reviewer 2: Can we explain a bit more on what is the expected starting and ending point, knowledge-wise for this course?

Reviewer 2: Also there is a typo - Insterskill should be Interskill

Reviewer 2: For the information, maybe something along these lines - This 3-hour free course covers Zowe architecture, core components (API Mediation Layer, ZLUX, CLI), and basic usage patterns. Ideal for developers and system programmers new to Zowe.
